1.Both the Business and Enterprise support levels offer a < 4-hour response time in the event of an impaired production system. 
Developer is < 12-hour response time in case of any system impairment. Basic does not offer any support for system impairment.
Individual is n3.On-Demand, where you pay for the resources you have used at the end of the billing period, and Reserved, were you commit to paying a certain amount every billing period for a length of time no matter if you used them or not, are the valid EC2 pricing options.ot a real support plan.
2.CAPEX vs OPEX charging model and Predictable workload types use the Reserved Instance pricing model.
3.On-Demand, where you pay for the resources you have used at the end of the billing period, and Reserved,
were you commit to paying a certain amount every billing period for a length of time no matter if you used them or not, are the valid EC2 pricing options.
On-Demad and Reserved are EC2 Pricing model.
4.The pay-as-you-go payment plan is billed on an hourly basis, 
but partial hours are billed for a full hour. Keep in mind that some instances have a per-second billing rate as well.
5.The Business Support plan is specifically designed for production workloads in AWS. On one end,
Basic Support is included for all AWS customers, and 
Developer Support plan is best suited for experimenting or testing in AWS.
Enterprise Support plan, which is ideal for business and mission-critical workloads.
6.Que---Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute requirements?
 Ans--You can launch EC2 instances on demand as needs arise or even automatically 
 exp---The on-demand nature of AWS allows you to save money over traditional data center approaches.
 For example, Auto Scaling in EC2 allows AWS to scale out and scale in resources on demand. This elasticity allows you to pay for just the resources you need.
7.Que==a startup company with limited revenue growth do to be notified when the monthly bill approaches $2000
 ans==Setup a CloudWatch billing alarm that triggers an SNS notification to their email address.
8. Data center security costs and Facility equipment installation need to be included in a total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis? (choose 2)
9.Que==Your Development team uses four on-demand EC2 instances, and your QA team has 5 reserved instances, only three of which are being used. 
Assuming all AWS accounts are under a single AWS Organization, how will the Development team’s instances be billed?
Ans= The Dev team will be billed for two instances at on-demand prices and two instances at the reserved instance price. 
exp=Assuming all instances are in the same AWS Organization, the reserved instance pricing for the unused QA instances will be
applied to two of the four Dev instances.
10.EC2 instances can be purchased in the default on-demand manner, they can be reserved, or you can bid on capacity with spot instances.
Virtual only iss not a type of EC2 purchase plan.
11.Amazon DynamoDB and  Amazon RedShift services can be reserved  to gain greater discounts .
12.Que==where you should go to get more details about the AWS EC2 billing activity that took place 3 months ago
The AWS Cost and Usage report--- tracks your AWS usage and provides estimated charges associated with your AWS account. The report contains line items for each unique combination of AWS product, usage type,
 and operation that your AWS account uses.
13.By default, using Consolidated Billing only allows the master account 
to view the billing information from the member accounts – no access is automatically granted for users in the master account into the member accounts beyond this.
14.The Free Tier account has a default duration of 1 year.
15.AWS offers Standard RIs for 1-year or 3-year terms
16.The AWS Support Basic tier is the free support given to all AWS Accounts. All accounts receive Billing Support, because every customer needs an avenue to lodge disputes, or make requests around their billing. 
24×7 Support, Architectural Support, and access to a Technical Account Manager are all elements of paid plans.
17.que-==Your boss has asked you to provide estimated costs associated with the move to the cloud. What tool should you use to find this information?
Ans-==TCO Calculator is designed to provide cost estimates for cloud services.
18.On-demand for ad-hoc requirements that cannot be interrupted Reserved instances for steady state predictable usage 
are good use cases for a specific Amazon EC2 pricing mode.
19.Que==Which tool can help you to compare the cost of hosting resources in AWS vs the cost of hosting in a traditional data centre?
ans-Aws TCO Calculator
exp-The TCO calculators allow you to estimate the cost savings when using AWS and provide a detailed set of reports. Pricing Calculator can be used to estimate potential AWS spend, and AWS Budgets & Billing Alarms can help keep spend under control by alerting you when you breach a threshold
20.For AWS Enterprise customers, the AWS Concierge is a resource dedicated to answering billing and account questions
21.Reserved instances have three main pricing models, Standard, Convertible and Scheduled
22.EC2 Reserved Instances offer significant discounts for a contracted term-of-service, of up to 75% off. On-Demand instances are charged equally per-hour, regardless of how long they’re run for. Spot instances are cheaper than On-Demand instances, but aren’t intended for long term use
23.When performing a total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis between on-premises and the AWS Cloud, which factors are only relevant to on-premises deployments? (choose 2)
 Facility operations costs 
 Hardware procurement team 
24.Why does AWS guarantee your exchange rate with AWS Billing and Cost Management?
 To ensure that any refund uses the same exchange rate as the original transaction
25.Cost Explorer can help you in budgeting and planning for your AWS expenditures.
26.Compute, storage, and data transfer out are all fundamental costs in AWS.
Data transfer is s not a fundamental cost in AWS
27.The Developer support plan features access to AWS support during business hours via email. Business and Enterprise support plans allow 24×7 email support. The Basic support plan includes no email support options. Because the question specifies support *only* during business hours, there is only one correct answer.
28.The paying account should be used for billing purposes only Always enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the root account are using AWS Organizations with consolidated billing are the two best practice
29.A resource group is a collection of resources that share one or more tags (or portions of tags
30.Spot allows AWS users to auction off unused reserved and scheduled instance hours to the highest bidder as a way to cut down on unnecessary expense
31.AWS Support has four levels. Basic is their free entitlement for all AWS Customers. The three paid support plans in order of ascending cost are Developer, Business, and Enterprise. Start-up and Individual do not exist as Support Plans
32.Reserves instances are available with all upfront, partial upfront, or no upfront (AURI, PURI, and NURI) pricing
33.AWS Cost Explorer lets you display your spendings across all AWS Service
34.While On Demand allows a fixed rate payment by the hour or second with no commitment and Reserved provides a capacity reservation, it is the Spot EC2 pricing model that enables bidding on the desired price for instance capacity. By contrast with the other pricing models, Dedicated Hosts consists of an actual physical EC2 server.
35.Que===Which of the following represent economic advantages of moving to the AWS cloud? (choose 2)
 Ans==1.Increase efficiencies through automation 
 2.Reduce the need to manage infrastructure 
36.RDS runs on EC2 instances, so much like an EC2 instance, you are charged based on how long the RDS instances are running, how much storage they have provisioned, and the requests they’re processing. Standard monitoring is included for free with RDS instances, although Enhanced Monitoring is available for more information. Data Transfer in to RDS, like most other AWS services, is free



