AWS has the services to help you build sophisticated applications with increased flexibility, scalability and reliability.
Whether you're looking for compute power, database storage, content delivery, or otherfunctionality, with AWS you pay only for the individual services you need, 
for as long as you use them,without complex licensing. AWS offers you a variety of pricing models for over 160 cloud services.
You only pay for the services you consume, and once you stop using them, there are no additional costs or termination fees.

###There are three fundamental drivers of cost with AWS: compute, storage, and outbound data transfer.
In most cases, there is no charge for inbound data transfer or for data transfer between other AWS services within the same Region. There are some exceptions, 
so be sure to verify data transfer rates before beginning. Outbound data transfer is aggregated across services and then charged at the outbound data transfer rate.
This charge appears on the monthly statement as AWS Data Transfer Out. The more data you transfer, the less you pay per GB. For compute resources,
you pay hourly from the time you launch a resource until the time you terminate it, unless you have made a reservation for which the cost is agreed upon beforehand. 
For data storage and transfer, you typically pay per GB.Except as otherwise noted, AWS prices are exclusive of applicable taxes and duties, including VAT and
sales tax. For customers with a Japanese billing address, use of AWS is subject to Japanese Consumption Tax.

cost optimization
The cloud allows you to trade fixed expenses (such as data centers and physical servers) for variable expenses, and only pay for IT as you consume it.
And, because of the economies of scale, the variable expenses are much lower than what you would pay to do it yourself. Whether you started in the cloud, or
you are just starting your migration journey to the cloud, AWS has a set of solutions to help you manage and optimize your spend.
This includes services, tools, and resources to organize and track cost and usage data, enhance control through consolidated billing and access permission, 
enable better planning through budgeting and forecasts, and further lower cost with resources and pricing optimizations. To learn how you can optimize 
and save costs today,

Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service.
It is designed to give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and cost effective way to route end users to Internet applications by translating names
like www.example.com into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers use to connect to each other. Amazon Route 53 is fully compliant with IPv6 as well.

Amazon Route 53 effectively connects user requests to infrastructure running in AWS – such as Amazon EC2 instances, Elastic Load Balancing load balancers, 
or Amazon S3 buckets – and can also be used to route users to infrastructure outside of AWS. You can use Amazon Route 53 to configure DNS health checks,
then continuously monitor your applications’ ability to recover from failures and control application recovery with Route 53 Application Recovery Controller.

Amazon Route 53 Traffic Flow makes it easy for you to manage traffic globally through a variety of routing types, 
including Latency Based Routing, Geo DNS, Geoproximity, and Weighted Round Robin—all of which can be combined with DNS Failover in order to enable a variety of 
low-latency, fault-tolerant architectures. Using Amazon Route 53 Traffic Flow’s simple visual editor, you can easily manage how your end-users are routed to your 
application’s endpoints—whether in a single AWS region or distributed around the globe. Amazon Route 53 also offers Domain Name Registration – you can purchase
and manage domain names such as example.com and Amazon Route 53 will automatically configure DNS settings for your domains.








MCQ:
1`AWS Trustor Advisor service provides infrastructure security optimization recommendations.
2`Amazon Cloudwatch service allows for the collection and tracking of metrics for AWS services.
3`A company needs to know which user was responsible for terminating several critical Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Instances. 
4`Where can the customer find this information?(Amazon Cloud trailslogs)
5`Which service should an administrator use to register a new domain name with AWS? Amazon Route 53
6-What is the value of having AWS Cloud services accessible through an Application Programming Interface (API)?Cloud resources can be managed programmatically



